Implemented ARM Deployment task (#11332)
microsoft/azure-pipelines-tasks: Tasks/AzureResourceManagerTemplateDeploymentV3/README.md

# Azure Resource Manager (ARM) Template Deployment Task

### Overview

> This task is used to deploy [Azure Resource Manager templates](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-deploy/) at all the deployment scopes. The task is also used to create or update a resource group in Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task is used to deploy [Azure Resource Manager templates](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-deploy/). it support template deployment as three scopes - Resource group, Subscription and Management group The task is also used to create or update a resource group.
```

  - Login to the portal with this Active Directory account wiz. [testuser@joehotmail.onmicrosoft.com](mailto:testuser@joehotmail.onmicrosoft.com), and change the password. Initially a temporary password is created and that needs to be changed at the first login.
2. Add that user and password in the service connections in Azure Pipelines and deployments will work with that account.

#### Azure PowerShell

The task needs the Azure PowerShell version to be installed on the automation agent, and that can be done easily using the [Azure PowerShell Installer v1.0.2](https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/releases/tag/v1.0.2-December2015). Refer to "Supported Azure and AzureRM module versions" section below for recommended versions.

### Parameters of the task:

The parameters of the task are described in details, including examples, to show how to input the parameters. The parameters listed with a \* are required parameters for the task:

>  * **Deployment Scope**\*: Select the scope of deployment fom the options: Resource Group, Subscription and Mangement Group.

Reviewer: typo- fom

Add hyperlinks for different deployment scopes

Author: Done

 * **Azure Resource Manager connection**\*: Select the ARM service connection of appropriate deployment scope i.e. Deployment Scope selected above should be of lower or same level to the deployment scope of service connection. To configure new service connection, select the Azure subscription from the list and click 'Authorize'. If your subscription is not listed or if you want to use an existing Service Principal, you can setup an Azure service connection using 'Manage' link.

>  * **Action**\*: For deployment scope of 'Resource Group', elect the action to be performed on the resource group. Following actions are available:

Reviewer: typo - elect

Author: Fixed

    - Create or Update Resource Group: creates a new resource group or to update an existing one (using [Azure Resource Manager templates](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-deploy/)).
    - Delete Resource Group

 * **Resource Group**\*: Enter the name of the resource group. If this is an existing resource group, and the selected action is to create or update the resource group, then the task will update the resource group with the resources specified in the Azure template. If no Resource Group with the name exists in the subscription, then a new one will be created.

>  * **Location**\*: Resource Group deployment scope: Location for deploying the resource group. If the resource group already exists in the subscription, then this value will be ignored. Other deployment scope: Location to store deployment metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * **Location**\*: For Resource Group deployment scope: Location for deploying the resource group. If the resource group already exists in the subscription, then this value will be ignored. <br> For other deployment scopes: Location to store deployment metadata.
```

Author: Fixed
